https://www.ionos.com/help/domains/configuring-cname-records-for-subdomains/configuring-a-cname-record-for-a-subdomain/

A CNAME record is an alias for a subdomain. When you configure a CNAME record for a subdomain, DNS queries are no longer sent for the subdomain but for the domain or subdomain specified in the CNAME record to the appropriate name server.

You can add a CNAME record to your subdomain in the Domains section of the Control Panel. The IONOS name servers musta lso be used at the time for these changes to take any effect.

While it is technically possible to ad a CNAME record to your root domain, this is widely known to be a bad DNS practice for a number of reasons and should be avoided.

Additionally, the domain or s ubdomain specified in the CNAME record must be down to the target or web server so tha tthe requests can eb processsed correctly by the web server.

If the domain or subdomain specified in the CNAME record is not known to the web server, we recommend that yous et up domain forwarding. The same applies if you want to forward the main domain to another domain.

You can find out how to forward a domainto another domain here.

Configuring the CNAME Record

You can configure the CNAME record in the Domains & SSL section of the Control Panel.

    Log in to IONOS and go to the Domains & SSL section.
    Next to the desired domain, click on the gear symbol under Actions and select Manage Subdomains.
    Next to the desired subdomain, click on the gear symbol under Actions and select DNS.
    Click ADD RECORD and select CNAME
    Enter the desired subdomain in the Hostname field. Examples: www or shop
    In the Point to field, type the desired entry (alias), specifying hte Full Qualified Hostname. THis is given without the part http:// or https:// such as example.com
    Optional: Select the desired TTL
    Click Save

Your changes are effective at IONOS immediately. However, it can take up to an hour for the change to take effect everywhere due to the decentralized structure of DNS.

Effects

By creating a CNAME record, all requests for this subdomain are forwarded to the domain stored in the CNAME. This means that you can no longer make your own settings for the subdomain. Email addresses and connections to IONOS products no longer work for this subdomain.

https://support.getomnify.com/en/articles/1346693-set-up-a-custom-subdomain-domain-using-a-cname

Set up a custom subdomain domain using a CNAME

Step1: Adding Custom Domain on Omnify

    1. Got to Dashboard. Click on Settings > service Store > General
    2. Enter your custom Domain and Click on the 'Request' button.

Step 2: Open the email you receive from Omnify, which will have the instructions and information you need on how to add the DNS records to your domain.

Step 3: Setup Custom Domain using CNAME

    1. Go to your DNS provider (e.g. GoDaddy, NameCheap, etc)
    2. Go to the DNS Management page, and add a new record of type CNAME
    3. In the "host", "name", or "subdomain" field, enter your subdomain. For example, if you've requested book.yourdomain.com, your CNAME "host" is "book".
    4. In the "Target" or "points to" or "value" field, enter your omnify URL. For example: if your service store link is https://book.getombify.com, then simply put book.getomnify.com in this field.
    5. Leave the TTL field as it is.
    6. Click 'Save'.

of Set up a domain using a CNAME (such as yourdomain.com)

To add your root domain (such as yourdomain.com), your DNS provider needs to support Alias type A records (like AWS Route 53). In case it does, follow the instructions below.

    Add a record "Name" (sometimes referred to as "host"): @ or leave the host part blank.
    Add Alias "Target" (sometimes referred to as "points to" or "value") to your omnify subdomain (eg karmayoga.getomnify.com)

NOTE Few major DNS providers like GoDaddy do not allow Alias type A records.

Setp 4: Add SSL to your account

To set up SSL verification, please navigate back to the email sent to you about the custom domain setup process. To add SSL to your acocunt, verify your domain by adding the CNAME record information mentioned in the email. Listed below are the steps detailing that. Please note that this verification has to be done within 72 hours of requesting the custom domain, or else the record could expire.

    1. Go to your DNS provider (example: GoDaddy, NameCheap, etc)
    2. Go to the DNS Management page, and add a enw record of type "CNAME"
    3. In the "host", "name", or "subdomain" field copy and paste the long alphanumeric string given in the email against the words "host", "name", or "subdomain".
    4. In the "Target" or "points to" or "value" field, copy and paste the long alphanumeric string given in the email against the words "Target", "points to" or "value".
    5. In the TTL field, click on the TTL dropdown box, select CUstom and enter the value as 600.
    6. Click 'Save'.

Step 4: Complete the proces by Validating on Omnify

Once you've completed the above two processes,

    1. Go to Dashbaord. Click on Service store> Set-up> General
    2. Under the Custom Domain field, click on Validate Records.
    3. If you've completed the two processes successfully, it will show your status as Activated or Pending, if they are not completed.

    Note: It might also take some time to change the status to Activated although you have completed the processes. If that happens, come back after a few minutes or a couple of hours and click on Validate.

    4. You are all set. It can take up to 48 to 72 hours for it to properly point to Omnify. Although, you could see changes take effect in as little as an hour.

https://serverfault.com/questions/181927/should-cname-be-used-for-subdomains
